# Repo Maintainer Instructions

## Overview of repo structure

The repo has a folder for each major project that delivers code or files, and
a docs folder that contains markdown files with documentation delivered
by the gh-pages website. Under the docs folder is an images folder containing
the images used by the various pages. 

### gh-pages (GitHub Pages)

This repo is configured to publish the markdown files in the docs folder
as a set of html pages rooted at https://maddox-zephyr.github.io/starlink_position/. It uses a GitHub capability called GitHub Pages (or gh-pages). Whenever someone commits a change to the **main** branch of the
repo. the website is regenerated from the .md files in the docs directory
(and any referenced images), and the markdown (.md files) are converted
to html files, for use by a browser.

The landing page is index.md, and it contains links to the other pages. The
links reference the html files, which will be the product of .md files. For
example, index.md contains the following:

```
See the [repo maintainer instructions](repo_maintainer_instructions.html) for...
```
The text in square brackets:
"repo maintainer instructions" is the text of the hyperlink, and the
hyperlink itself is "./repo_maintainer_instructions.html"
which is autogenerated from repo_maintainer_instructions.md - this
file in the repo.

### Markdown quick-ref

You can google markdown format to get the common features that format text,
but here's a quick reference:

#### Headings
```
# Heading level 1 - makes a level 1 heading
## Heading level 2 - likewise
### Heading level 3 - likewise, and so forth, for some number of headings
```

#### Lists
```
- first item in bulleted list
- second item in bulleted list

1. first item in numbered list
2. second item in numbered list
```
